got a girl on the skirt on the bike yeah
okay oh there we go
you get confessional it's amazing
very good amazing speechless sitting on
a Ducati that is awesome welcome back to
speed freak TV we're in Whitby Ontario
just east of Toronto a home of GP bikes
now when I first started riding I went
to GP bikes and pretty much bought all
of my gear got to know the guys there
pretty well they're an amazing store
located in southern Ontario they've got
everything you could possibly need
well they've also got a Ducati 1199
Panigale and they've asked me if I can
come and take it for ride so here we're
gonna take it for a rip have some fun
with it
and sort of talk a little bit about what
we like it don't like about the bike I
can't imagine is anything I don't
let's go check it
body panigale $11.99 we're going to go
and find some paperwork inside a door as
quick as we can Oh
so Chris signing your life away oh yeah
I got to do this here so he has all my
stuff in case I break it so we're not
going to break it this is a very
expensive motorcycle so we have make
sure we sign all proper doctor
case over here with Jerry Jerry's the
owner Jerry thank you so much
all right what's what's unique about the
new 1199 they have three distinct riding
modes wet sport and Street and the
changes horsepower traction control abs
actuation and it even has engine braking
as well probably start you have wet 120
horsepower is good good way to get get
used to get your feet wet with this bike
absolutely now this can be cycled while
you have actually riding exactly
like right now this bike is absolutely
vibrating the mirrors are vibrating the
taillights are vibrating the marker
lights vibrating everything on this bike
is completely shaking like crazy because
195 horsepower engine
it's just dying to do something now I've
got it in sixth gear again I'm going
about 90 kilometres an hour
it's just it's way down lower
get the Deaf higher p.m. rate for this
size motor it's actually red lines at
about eleven five twelve thousand
it just right now I think I'm doing 3000
rpm
this thing loves to live
I'm here Ranger can you get above that
holy cow
let's see if we can do it
Oh
so we came downtown people had the bike
on Saturday and they picked it up
earlier as you know
we've met a lot of people from all over
come from the United States and when I
asked to sit on the bike and I say go
for it they say how much is it gonna
cost I guess it must be a common thing
Heiser have a lot of grunt downtown
Toronto got my Tim Hortons and yeah see
what else you see tonight
so what do you think of the bike it's
gold
Fort Wayne Indiana I've never seen a
bike like this and I one sit on it
technology I can't believe the size they
tuck into that awesome machine cars like
colors like it doesn't get any better
than this
what do you think of the bike speechless
how can you say good cut pretty much
just make sure I read your bike license
just saying we go get it they open
tomorrow rubbing up breath yeah so there
you have it
what an amazing experience this bike is
absolutely incredible nothing short of
astonishing and I know that Corey mixed
on me all the time because I use these
words but there's no other words that I
can think of in my limited vocabulary to
describe this bike it truly has left me
speechless
I can't even tell you any negatives
about the bike except for the fact that
the seat gets super hot when we were
travelling downtown Toronto it actually
blew a hole in my jeans bigger because
of the power of this motorcycle
anyway special thanks to Corey and Clark
for helping me film this yet again they
are truly speed freak TV and if you're
interested in motorcycle like this run
down to GP bikes and tell them a speed
free TV sent you it's starting to rain
I'm gonna get out of here and check out
this wet mode to see how it works
thanks for watching I'll come back to
speak ladies and gentlemen to revive it
see we get a chance to take up the
Ducati
$11.99 what is it
panigale pantego oh not this again
hey red